All right welcome back.
I'm a student in this lecture here.
We are going to be working very hard.
I should say this section here and not just this lecture.
We're going to be starting to work really fast and really hard on this application.
All right.
We've still got a little bit to go.
We're going to build the comment system or rather common system consists of two tables maybe three tables
.
All right.
So we were always going to keep adding lectures and keep adding features to this application but just
for you to keep in mind this is a application that can get very complex very complex.
So we're going to have the comments table is going to have a bunch of columns.
We're going to have their replies table is going to have a bunch of Commons columns.
We're going to have forms.
I mean you name it we're going to have it and this and this section here so I want you to pay very close
attention right.
All right cool so let's build it follows the folder structure first.
So let's go to resources views here.
And we got admin so we could build it outside with the comments outside me if we wanted to.
All right.
That way we could you know look at a Dow way and that way we can say OK.
Not I mean he's not the only one that catches the comments so that people can see it.
You know people are a little dink and see the comments.
We could do that if we wanted to we could leave it outside or put it in here somewhere.
All right.
So what I'm going to do is they're going to put it inside me because we're going to be we're going to
have the ability to actually edit not not edit but.
Well in a way any it added the comment in reply.
So let's put it inside outman and we're going to call it comments.
We're going to have the in the It's why do you want to add the following file to good.
Sure.
Let's add it to get Why not right guys.
All right.
And I should a click there and not to ask me again.
All right here in the comments we should actually create the folder replies as well because we're going
to have replies for comments or we can leave it outside.
It's up to you but I think we should just take it one folder deep and have replies here.
We're going to have this all right.
There we go.
All right cool.
Now let's actually we're going to leave this like this and we're going to build the other pages as we
go.
OK.
So next thing is the route.
Let's go to.
Routes.
Routes that would go for now we're going to leave.
We've got to only allow the admin but it would be nice to build a middle where to accept anybody that's
actually logged in as a matter of fact.
No we don't.
We're going to leave it for admin now and later we'll we'll deal with the middle where you guys already
know how to build a made aware so that's not a problem.
Let's do a resource real quick and we can have a resource for let's just call it let's just keep following
the same conventions we have been doing following ryme out mean comments or.
That's OK.
Let's just leave it like that.
And we're going to build a controller that is going to also be called admen comments controller.
All right so now this.
We're going to have to create.
We're going to have the crawl basically here right in the comments controller was actually named this
outman pulls Cummins controller
or post Commines controller
pulls comments controller.
I think it's his thing this is better.
All right.
And we could name this one here.
This would be the incumbent's replies.
There's actually leave it like this.
I mean come and replies that way doesn't override this one.
All right.
So this would be comment replies.
All right we'll I think with Later on we will need to adjust this a little bit and create other routes
.
And but right now this will suffice.
All right.
So let's create some migrations and models OK.
So BHB Ortiz an make model.
We need a model for comment and the migration.
We also need a model for comment
come in reply
comment reply
in a migration right.
Cool.
All right.
So let's work real fast on this.
These lectures are going to be longer guys by the way just for you to know we have a lot to cover and
I want to get it done.
All right.
We have that to see a list work on them.
So and we should actually build a constraint imposed swelled to delete
delete the comments.
OK.
Rules.
Passwords
photos.
This bill can be constrained right here so that way every time with the leader pulls with the leader
come in OK.
So let's do this table.
And the first one here for comments would be false ID.
OK.
So let's say I went blank there for a minute guys.
Is a lot of stuff here.
And let's make this and it's
table.
Integer is active
let's make the make it out for two guys four to be zero
.
All right.
So we're going to have a alter that's well rain
or some type of user.
And we're also going to have I think we should have an e-mail for that for the commentator.
And of course we should have some type of body for it.
All right.
This is looking good here.
Let's build that constraint.
Real quick.
So table forging posts Id scan a reference
the ID on where post-test correct.
My students doing very good and undelete.
We want to cascade.
All right.
That is pretty good.
I got a copy of that.
I'm going to take it to replies.
Let's actually look at this real quick because I have a narrow somewhere here and I want to correct
it.
We say here referees.
Oh I see we forgot this little guy right here.
On we go.
All right on doing it in my head in not in the computer that changed this.
This is a common reply.
So let's change this for commun ID and everything else should be the same.
And this would be common idea as well.
And
here we go.
So every time with the leader call me and we get to the leader.
Each replies as well.
All right cool stuff guys.
Very cool.
All right.
So another thing that I want to do is also build a relationship but I think we're going to do that in
the next video right now.
Let's do some ph VRT soon migrate.
Whoops.
All right General for unconstrained
.
I think this check it out real quick and you might learn something from here.
All right so we have a constraint here pulls ID
and then this one
.
All right let's try taking this off right here real quick.
All right.
So sometimes you will get strange depending on what data type the Collin's are.
So they are different data types like this is an integer.
The other one is a string or something like that you will get errors like that.
All right.
Let's see something here.
Very picky stuff based already.
So I was so this already created the table.
So what I do is they're going to say Beechfield and my agree.
Reset desk and clean everything in a database so be careful if you have a lot of data there.
OK.
All right.
Migrate again.
And we have that when you get these areas because you have your migrations table.
OK.
If you do migrate reset there's actually check this out real quick and refresh the database table in
between my admin.
You're going to see that you have some data here migrations.
I don't have any pools anymore or anything like that.
What I do have these are these data here.
All right so I'm gonna go back here
and you can see all the information there.
I I do Peachtree I agree.
We said again
let's just look at it real quick.
I he well I don't like that.
All right.
See we've got to see it come into migration.
I'm going to drop them.
And guys when you're in development make sure that you don't have a lot of data in there.
OK.
Let's move B-tree migrate now and we still get that constrain is annoying but we're still getting them
.
All right.
So what I'm going to do here is
I just can't understand why I'm getting this error.
Right now I have to look it up a little bit
to make this the same for football for them right here.
See if we get the same data there we make it happen right.
There's a few migrate and that's the way we go.
Here we're going to do a page free parties and my great reset and then we get to go back to Peacher
my admen real quick and then I drove this too.
Sometimes you have to experiment guys or I find that what works for you what doesn't ph be migrating
every day has been migrating.
So make sure that if you're in a column that you have your constraints that make sure they are identical
or either all the data is the same.
If not I would not go through.
OK.
Hopefully you guys learn a lot in this lecture.
Thank you so much for watching guys and I'll see you in the next lecture